a Palestinian man has been killed in
Hebron in the occupied West Bank where
Israeli forces have been carrying out a
series of raids the health Ministry says
66-year-old Issa Ali aladi was shot in
the head troops stormed three villages
near rala the health Ministry also says
187 Palestinians have been killed in the
occupied West Bank since October the 7th
well Bernard Smith is in rala and joins
us uh now live ber what more do we know
about these latest Israeli raids
including the one that uh killed the 66y
old
man Tom there's at least 14 raids
overnight in the occupied West Bank and
the most consequential most serious of
those resulted in the death of
66-year-old Isa Tamimi he apparently was
driving a vehicle near to where the
office of a charity was being raided and
he was shot uh in the head other raids
were that was near heon there've been
other raids in Janine uh near nablas and
near Jericho as well in one raid a man
was live to his viewers on Tik Tok and
that was caught uh that raid was caught
live and he was beaten up live in front
of his Tik Tok viewers uh there's
averaging about 40 raids a night in the
occupied West Bank since October the 7th
so actually the numbers were slightly uh
lower uh overnight than they have been
in recent weeks but now yes
187 Palestinians have been killed since
October the 7th and more than two and a
half th000 under arrest and most of them
in administrative detention which means
they can be held without trial or
charged indefinitely